--- Aug 2024 (13 Aug to 31 Aug) ---

Project - Raj Attendance
Module - Employee Module, Education module
Task - 1. Resolved bug of old attandance filter when user select dropdown of district and office and immediat unselect, 
	  when user immediat unselect the dynemic value of district and office field, inside array these value was not 
          removing because dynamic array was not refreshing on unselect

       2. Resolved bug of old attandance filter when user select dropdown of designation  and immediat unselect, when user
          immediat unselect the dynemic value of designation field, inside array this value was not removing because dynamic 
          array was not refreshing on unselect

       3. Resolved bug of old attandance filter when user select dropdown of  employee and immediat unselect, when user 
          immediat unselect the dynemic value of employee field, inside array this value was not removing because
	  dynamic array was not refreshing on unselect

       4. Resolved bug of old attandance filter when user select dropdown of  department and immediat unselect, when user 
          immediat unselect the dynemic value of department field, inside array this value was not removing because dynamic array
	  was not refreshing on unselect

       5. check all employee report pages and its functionality for employee module in raj attendance

       6. fixed dropdown issue on student-holiday page for employee module in raj attendance
       

--- Sep 2024 (1 Sep to 30 Sep) ---

Project - Raj Attendance
Module - Employee Module, Education module
Task - 1. update the functionality of date range(disable future date) for raj attendance in employee module
       2. implemented wrong value validation in filter dropdown  for raj attendance in employee module
       3. change api for district dropdown, implemented new api  for raj attendance in employee module
       4. resolve bug for department dropdown filter  for  raj attendance in employee module
       5. resolve bug for top search box  for  raj attendance in employeemodule
       6. resolved filter bug for super admin, department admin and DHQ admin  for  raj attendance in employeemodule
       7. resolved bug for employee attendance last depth report date and time issue in excel report
       8. update date formate to download excel report for employee
       9. change domain name on staging



--- Oct 2024 (1 Oct to 31 Oct) ---

Project - Raj Attendance
Module - Employee Module
Task - 1. update configuration for staging build
       2. optimized bedget(assets) size for staging build for raj attendance
       3. update code structure of export report for employee old attendance 
       4. check employee new attendance report and found new bug on 3rd depth pagination and given effert to resolve it
       5. found new bug for old employee report and given effert to resolve it on raj attendance employee module
       6. found some new UI bug and given effert to resolve them in raj attendance employee module
       7. give effert to resolve rediredtion from "172.22.33.6/UIDAttendance/login" to "rajattendancetest.rajasthan.gov.in/UIDAttendance/login" check possibility from frontend side
       8. test all functionality is working or not properly on staging and production for rajattendance 
       9. understood the way to deploy raj attendance app on production and staging

--- Nov 2024 (1 Nov to 12 Nov) ---

Project - Raj Attendance
Module - Employee Module
Task - 1. resolved bug for employee 
       2. Update date key for present days report 
       3. resolved bug for employee present days report pagination for employee modle
       4. change pagination for employee present days report
       5. check all employee admin pages and its functionality for employee module in raj attendance